what has 13 hearts but no other organs
[Music]
a deck of playing cards what fruit could
you use to sip
water
strawberry a dog crossed the river and
stayed
absolutely dry how is it possible
the river was frozen what can you see in
the middle of the sky
the letter k what is the last thing you
take off before going to sleep
[Music]
you take your feet off the floor when
it's on its side
it becomes everything when there's just
one half of it
it's nothing what is it
[Music]
the number eight if you want to turn it
over
you'd have to go really far what is it
an odometer what tree can you carry in
your hand
[Music]
a palm you could see that coming
couldn't you
what stays exactly where it is even when
it goes off
alarm clock during what month
do people get the least sleep
during february because it's the
shortest month
i am heavy as i am but turn me backward
and i'm not
what am i
[Music]
i'm a ton move three matchsticks to get
four equal triangles
[Music]
this is how you do it how many seconds
are there in a year
[Music]
12 of them january 2nd february 2nd
march 2nd
and on and on can you name a day
within a week of today that doesn't end
in why
tomorrow it can fall off a skyscraper
and survive
but it won't last in water what is it
it's paper it can go from there to here
by disappearing and here to there when
it comes back
it's a letter t
move two matchsticks to get three
[Music]
triangles
it can be done like this what letter of
the alphabet has the most
[Music]
water
there's plenty of water in a sea
it has the longest wall but you can
drink tea from it if you want
[Music]
i'm talking about china
i get smaller with every bath what am i
[Music]
i'm a piece of soap what gets higher
without the head on it
a pillow move one matchstick to make the
house
face the other side
[Music]
that was easy what can pandas have that
no
other animal has
baby pandas it can break without
even falling
a promise move one matchstick to get
four identical triangles
this is how you can do it what kind of
soda should you never drink
baking soda which should replace the
question mark
[Music]
it's a lever in the car with numbers on
it so the question mark will be replaced
by the letter r it needs light to live
but will never be seen in the light what
is it
[Music]
a shadow reorganize
these matchsticks to get four triangles
this is how you do it there's one in a
minute
two in a moment but not a single one in
a thousand years
[Music]
it's the letter m a man was driving a
black truck
his lights were off the moon wasn't seen
in the sky
a bunny was running across the street
how did the man see it
well it was a bright sunny day
yellow brick road is yellow the white
house is white
what color is the green house
not green it's transparent
a kind old man mr snow bought textbooks
for ten dollars
and sold them to schools in africa for
one dollar after a few years
he became a millionaire how did he
manage to do it
well he started out as a billionaire but
spent so much money that he became
a millionaire move three matchsticks to
form
eight triangles
[Music]
yeah just like that it's a cold winter
night
your house is dark you have one match
there is a candle and there is a wood
burning stove
what would you like first
the match poor people have it
rich people need it if you eat it you
won't survive
what is it
[Music]
nothing kind of dog
never bites
[Music]
a hot dog what is black when you buy it
red when you use it and gray when you
throw it away
[Music]
charcoal what is the shortest complete
sentence in
english
i am when i'm young i'm the tallest
as i get older i get shorter i'm afraid
of the wind and
glow with life when am i
a candle what gets shorter when you
close
your arm
[Music]
a sleeve move five matchsticks to make
the scales balanced
voila you can easily touch me but not
see me
you can throw me out but not away what
am i
[Music]
you're back which vehicle
is spelled the same forwards and
backwards
[Music]
race car yeah
what can you fill with empty hands
gloves what's black when it's clean and
white when it's dirty
[Music]
a blackboard what can go through glass
without breaking it
[Music]
light continue the list
o t t f f
s
this is a list of the capital letters of
the numbers one
two three four five six so you can
continue the list with
s-e-n-t
mike is 600 times older than some of his
relatives
is this possible
[Music]
it is if a person is 50 years old and
their grandchild is one month old
how can you jump off a 10-foot ladder
without doing any damage to yourself
[Music]
just jump off the first step
how can you connect nine stars by using
just four lines and without lifting your
hand
[Music]
this is how you do it what rock group
consists of four men
none of whom sings
mount rushmore what five-letter word
becomes shorter if you add
two letters to it
[Music]
short becomes shorter
what number will be next
[Music]
one three one one two two two
one each number describes the previous
number
remove one matchstick and move one
matchstick to keep the equation correct
done three men were fishing
in a boat it flipped over and they fell
in the water
no single man got any water on them how
is this possible
[Music]
well they were all married
add two matchsticks to make the equation
[Music]
correct
this is how you can do it i have a
tongue
and though i cannot walk i'm known to
get around
i'm a shoe i take what's yours
wave a flag and it's taken away from me
what am i
a mailbox jim shaves every day
but my beard always stays with him how
can it be
[Music]
jim is a barber you can measure it but
you can't see it
what is it
it's time two doctors claim
sam is their brother sam says he has no
brothers
who's a liar
no one sam has two sisters and they're
both doctors
two boys are playing chess they've
played five times
each of them has one three times how can
it be
they're playing with different people
make this equation correct
you can only take away two matchsticks
it's easy like that they go through
cities and fields and even on
mountaintops
yet they never move what are they
[Music]
roads what can you see in the middle of
toronto
[Music]
the letter o what two words should you
put together to get the most letters
post office
it never asks anything but you always
answer it
it's the door i travel the world and
meet a lot of people
they can never be 100 sure where i'm
headed next
you can't see me but you can see what i
do
what am i
the wind you can't see it
it weighs nothing when it gets in a
barrel it makes it lighter
what is it
a hole what dries and gets
damp at the same time
a towel a room with no windows or doors
is called
a mushroom i help you wake up in the
morning
and get into the sleepy mode at night i
can talk to you
but if you talk back you are crazy what
am
i
[Music]
a radio